Change g_poa_effective to effective_irradiance (#2235)
pvlib/pvlib-python: docs/sphinx/source/whatsnew/v0.11.3.rst

  returns an IANA string. (:issue:`2340`, :pull:`2341`)
* :py:func:`~pvlib.iotools.get_pvgis_tmy` with ``outputformat='csv'`` now
  works with the updated data format returned by PVGIS. (:issue:`2344`, :pull:`2395`)

> * Changed the `g_poa_effective` parameter name to
>   `effective_irradiance` in :py:func:`~pvlib.pvsystem.PVSystem.pvwatts_dc`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Rename parameter name ``g_poa_effective`` to ``effective_irradiance`` in
  :py:func:`~pvlib.pvsystem.PVSystem.pvwatts_dc` and :py:func:`~pvlib.pvsystem.pvwatts_dc`.
```
